
# Picasso

An application that allows the user to create expressions that
evaluate to colors and then eventually to images.

The given code base is a good start, but it is sparsely documented
(document each method/part after you understand what it's doing), and,
as your application grows, you may need to refactor.

See the specification for Picasso on the course web site.

## Team: GameChangers

- Cat
- Claire
- Medaly
- Abid 
- Vincent 

## Running Picasso

To run Picasso, run `picasso.Main`

## Project Organization

`src` - the source code for the project

`conf` - the configuration files for the project

`images` - contains some sample images generated from Picasso. Some of the expressions for these images can be found in the `expressions` directory.


## Extension-1: History Log Extension 

**Description:**  

We added a history log to track all expressions entered by the user during a session. This log allows users to revisit previous expressions and quickly re-apply them without needing to re-enter or reload.

**Features:**  

- Displays a list of all valid expressions entered during the session.
- Allows users to select an expression from the history to reuse it.
- Includes a **"Clear History"** button to reset the log.

**How to Use:**  

1. Enter expressions in the input field or load them from a file.
2. Every valid expression is added to the history log.
3. Click on any expression in the history to load it into the input field.
4. Use the **"Clear History"** button to reset the log.

## Extension-2: Simplification of Useless Arithmetic Extension 

**Description:**  

Added in code to the ExpressionTreeGenerator that simplifies the stack in postfix form before returning it.

**Features:**  

- Simplifies addition of 0
- Simplifies subtraction of 0
- Simplifies multiplication of 0
- Simplifies multiplication of 1


## Extension-3: Multiple Windows Extension 

**Description:**  

We added an option when evaluating an expression that asks the user if they want to open a new window with the image generated by their expression. It allows to see many images at the same time.

**Features:**  

- Displays a Yes/No pop up text the asks about opening image in a new window.
- When prompted, opens a new window with the same dimension of the image in the original GUI.
- Multiple windows can be opened at the same time.
- Works with all ways to get input (input file, evaluate button, and pressing enter in the keyboard)

**How to Use:**  

1. Enter expressions in the input field or load them from a file.
2. If the expression is valid, a pop up will ask "Would you like to open this expression in a new Window?", enter Yes/No
3. Close the window when not needed

## Extension-4: Splash Screen with Background Music

**Description:**

We added a splash screen to enhance the application's visual appeal and user experience during startup-- there is music on the background as well!

**Features:**

- Users can add their own images and audio files to the respective directories for a personalized splash screen

**How to Use:**

- Launch the application to experience the splash screen and background music!

## Code Base History

This code base originated as a project in a course at Duke University.  The professors realized that the code could be designed better and refactored.  This code base has some code leftover from the original version.
